Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2021 Korean
Romance Comedy movie, called Sweet & Sour.
This movie tells the story of a couple who
faces the hurdles of maintaining a long distance
relationship amidst their packed working hours.
Even though one of them apologizes, their
relationship still doesn’t work out.
A new third wheel comes into their relationship
and changes the supposed result in an unexpected
way.
So, what are the hurdles that they face?
How does the third wheel manage to influence
their relationship ? Let’s find it out.
The movie starts with Hyuk who is hospitalized
due to his hepatitis.
Due to the illness which is believed to be
contagious, he is teased by his parents and
the other patients often.
Da-eun as a nurse usually takes care of his
needs and will defend him from the bullies.
As they spend their time together, Hyuk develops
a feeling towards her.
At one time, he meets her and asks her about
her ring.
She says that it’s only a graduation ring
and that she is not married or engaged.
After that, she utilizes his feelings towards
her and visits him to eat his food and sleep
in his chamber.
Seeing her condition, Hyuk gladly takes care
of her by sparing his food and watches over
her as she sleeps during the work hours.
During lunch, he says something rude to her
and she becomes mad at him.
Before Hyuk is able to apologize, his conditions
become better and he is discharged.
Hyuk visits the hospital once more to look
for her, but she is on leave.
Fortunately, he manages to get her phone number
instead and decides to call her.
Hyuk was hesitant at first but is able to
confess his feelings to Da-eun.
That night, Da-eun invites him to her house.
Without further thought, he rushes there with
his father’s car and they end up spending
the night together.
In the morning, Hyuk wakes up early and cooks
some breakfast.
He also changes Da-eun’s broken light bulb
which makes her cry gratefully.
She kisses him to say thank you but he misunderstands
it.
Unfortunately, she is not in the mood of nurturing
a relationship at the moment.
After that event, they become closer and Hyuk
regularly visits her in the hospital and her
house to take care of her.
Hyuk also picks her up from the hospital with
his dad’s car to keep her away from a doctor
who flirts with her.
When they are having dinner, Hyuk realizes
that she is not wearing her graduation ring
anymore and she admits that she has lost it.
During one of his visits, Da-eun invites Hyuk
to go to Jeju saying that someone gives her
a vacation package.
As they depart for their trip, she gives him
running sneakers as a present.
Feeling thankful for the present, Hyuk promises
to lose some weight and go to Jeju again next
year with a leaner body.
He tries to run with the new sneakers and
has achieved a leaner body after some time.
Then, he moves into Da-eun’s house and continues
to take care of her.
Hyuk, who is working as a construction engineer
gets promoted.
However, he must transfer to Seoul and work
as a contract employee first before being
assigned as a full timer.
He is happy to hear it and decides to persuade
Da-eun to let him achieve his career since
Seoul is quite far from their house in Incheon.
Seeing that Da-eun is hesitant in letting
him go, he buys a new car and says that he
will commute from the house to his new workplace
every day.
He also gives her an engagement ring because
she hasn’t had one since she lost her graduation
ring.
Finally, Da-eun agrees to his transfer and
Hyuk starts to commute every day.
In his new workplace, Hyuk meets Bo-yeong
who is also a transfer.
She is very competitive since they are both
contract employees fighting for the same spot.
Her competitiveness makes her a toxic colleague
for Hyuk and he complains a lot about her
every day to Da-eun.
Hyuk becomes obsessed to get his revenge on
Bo-yeong and ignores Da-eun who reminds him
of their next trip to Jeju.
During one of the meetings, Hyuk points out
a grave mistake in Bo-yeong’s bridge design
which makes him succeed in getting his revenge.
The higher-ups decide that Hyuk and Bo-yeong
should work together in finishing the project.
Hyuk who is still annoyed with her toxicity
doesn’t help her and teases her design,
over and over.
That night, Bo-yeong works overnight and Hyuk
leaves her to come home.
Hyuk is trapped in the traffic and ends up
sleeping right away without spending his time
with Da-eun.
Seeing his sacrifice, Da-eun lets him stay
in Seoul for the weekdays and meet her on
the weekends.
In the morning, He finds Bo-yeong who didn’t
have any sleep due to the target.
She decides to spend another night in the
office and Hyuk pities her.
He starts to help her in her designs that
night.
In the meeting, the higher-ups commend them
for the progress and show that they are promising
candidates for a full timer.
Having fulfilled his project, Hyuk comes home
to meet Da-eun but her schedule just got shuffled
and she needs to work that night.
She apologizes and asks him to change a broken
light bulb in the house.
In the office, Bo-yeong starts to flirt with
Hyuk since they need to work together for
the upcoming projects.
So, they start to spend their night together
in the office to catch up with the deadline.
Hyuk also starts to take care of her sloppiness
to preserve her public image.
Da-eun starts to realize that Hyuk spends
more time with Bo-yeong instead of her, and
is afraid of losing him.
She needs to tell him something important
but Hyuk is pulling an all-nighter with Bo-yeong,
so they reschedule their meeting for the next
day.
However, Hyuk grabs a drink with Bo-yeong
instead, under the pretense of celebrating
their success.
He lied to Da-eun saying that he cannot make
it again tonight because he is hanging out
with his new boss.
Da-eun is disappointed and chooses to keep
it silent.
To add to her dilemma, Da-eun sees that Hyuk
hasn’t changed the broken light bulb too.
Once again, Bo-yeong tries to flirt with Hyuk
but he reluctantly leaves instead to meet
Da-eun.
Hyuk is trapped in the traffic again and is
annoyed since he has to do house chores as
soon as he gets home.
Both Da-eun and Hyuk are tired due to overwork
and they get into a fight.
Da-eun complains that he also hasn’t changed
the light bulb unlike what he promised.
She adds that he only comes home to sleep
and not to spend time with her.
Hyuk replies with profanity and it saddens
Da-eun.
She reveals that she is pregnant with their
child.
The news is not welcomed by Hyuk and they
decide to abort the baby.
Hyuk takes a leave and accompanies Da-eun
to the clinic.
Seeing that Hyuk is not enjoying his time,
Da-eun lets him wait in the car.
Due to the abortion, Da-eun feels so down
and Hyuk tries to comfort her.
However, his phone keeps on ringing due to
the unfinished project and Da-eun sacrifices
herself once more and lets Hyuk go to work
instead.
Deep inside, Da-eun is sad since his boyfriend
is not the same as he used to be.
Hyuk cannot focus on his work and his relationship
due to the unending work and commute.
When they hang out, Da-eun realizes that Hyuk
is reluctant to spend his time with her.
She questions his love towards her and Hyuk
disappoints her when he calls her Pretty Bo-yeong
instead of her name.
She asks him about Bo-yeong and Hyuk insists
that she is just a co-worker.
As a result, they break up that night.
In the office, Hyuk receives a package from
Da-eun, containing the engagement ring that
he gave her.
Hyuk doesn’t care about it and continues
to nurture his relationship with Bo-yeong.
They even kiss and spend the night together
that day.
Convinced in their separation, Hyuk messages
Da-eun saying that he won’t be going and
that she can take whoever she wants to Jeju.
Hyuk is confused to see that her social media
status is still the same as it used to be
when they are together.
Afterwards, Hyuk is continuously reminded
of their trip to Jeju.
Despite Hyuk’s and Bo-yeong’s effort in
completing the project, the higher-ups decide
that none of them will be promoted to be a
full timer.
They spend their last celebration night with
the firm before going back to their own previous
workplace.
Upon scrolling through his phone, Hyuk is
reminded by his promise with Da-eun to spend
their Christmas in Jeju.
Hyuk rushes to the airport that night to meet
Da-eun.
Suddenly, he bumps into another person and
falls.
Turns out, that person is actually the fat
Hyuk who we saw running in the airport at
the earlier scenes.
Da-eun met lean Hyuk 1 year and 7 months ago
and fell in love with him.
She flirted with him and bought him the same
matching sneakers.
She also spent Christmas in Jeju with lean
Hyuk and decided to go there every Christmas.
After their trip, lean Hyuk started to work
in Seoul and had an affair with Bo-yeong.
Meanwhile, Da-eun met fat Hyuk 3 months ago.
The ring that fat Hyuk asked about is actually
the engagement ring that lean Hyuk gave to
Da-eun.
When their relationship was breaking down,
fat Hyuk was always there to comfort her.
Due to her pregnancy, Da-eun needed to eat
and sleep a lot, which is why she sneaked
into fat Hyuk’s chamber to eat and sleep.
She was mad at fat Hyuk when he said something
rude because lean Hyuk had been treating her
that way.
When she was feeling down after the abortion,
fat Hyuk called her and confessed his love,
so she invited him to come.
His action of changing the broken bulb really
replaced lean Hyuk’s place in her heart.
When lean Hyuk couldn’t come due to his
work, fat Hyuk was there to spend his time
wholeheartedly with her.
She told fat Hyuk that she lost her graduation
ring, but the reason is that she has broken
up with lean Hyuk and sent the ring back to
him.
Lean Hyuk gave up on their trip to Jeju, so
Da-eun invited fat Hyuk to go instead.
She also bought the same matching sneakers
for fat Hyuk to motivate him.
After all that, Da-eun decides to forget lean
Hyuk, and pretends to not recognize him and
continues their trip to Jeju.
Lean Hyuk is mad at Da-eun for dumping him
and comes back to Bo-yeong.
He even tries to propose to Bo-yeong but she
rejects him.
He rethinks his past to find a person he can
blame, and concludes that it is his old boss’
fault who transferred him to Seoul and made
him break up with Da-eun.
In the end, he laments his misfortune for
not getting both his love and dream job.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like and
comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next
time.